
The worst loneliness is to not be comfortable with yourself.
I’m going to make a life for myself, a home full of pets and plants, everything I love. I deserve to have the future I want. Vending machine but it vends moss covered rocks, small opals, faux ivory brooches, mushrooms to plant, tiny sacks of dirt, sea glass, and gnome statues. Sometimes, I don’t even realize an event was traumatic until I tell it as a funny story and notice everyone is staring at me weird. I always wanted to be close to you.I wanted to know that our blood smelled the same for a reason. I wanted to look into your eyes with hope for a better tomorrow. Trust me, I wanted us to connect. I tried for years and years to make the distance between us separate, but no matter how much I burned my mind with with ways to mend our hearts into one, you always found a way to kick me back into only fantasizing of what we could turn into. The most confused we ever get is when we’re trying to convince our heads of something our heart knows is a lie. I begin with the seed of an emotion, a place, and then move from there… I no longer see the poem as an ending point, perhaps more the end of a journey, an often long journey that can begin years earlier, say with the blur of the memory of the sun on someone’s cheek, a certain smell, an ache, and will culminate years later in a poem, sifted through a point, a lake in my heart through which language must come. I’ve been thinking about five intersecting problems: first, how the internet is built to distend our sense of identity; second, how it encourages us to overvalue our opinions; third, how it maximizes our sense of opposition; fourth, how it cheapens our understanding of solidarity; and, finally, how it destroys our sense of scale. There is less time these days for anything other than economic survival. The internet has moved seamlessly into the interstices of this situation, redistributing our minimum of free time into unsatisfying micro-installments, spread throughout the day. In the absence of time to physically and politically engage with our community the way many of us want to, the internet provides a cheap substitute: it gives us brief moments of pleasure and connection, tied up in the opportunity to constantly listen and speak. Under these circumstances, opinion stops being a first step toward something and starts seeming like an end in itself. How hard it is to sit at home with nothing to do but wait. To wait — the most difficult thing in the whole world. To wait — with no living soul in whom to confide one’s doubts, one’s fears, one’s relentless hopes. To wait — only to wait — without even the final merciful deprivation of hope. It’s all about falling in love with yourself and sharing that love with someone who appreciates you, rather than looking for love to compensate for a self love deficit. Isn’t it funny how the people who were supposed to be the closest to are the furthest away. It’s like no matter how we try to connect, it feels like one of us is living in time and the other in space. Isn’t it funny how the people who were supposed to be there when happiness leaks from your chest are gone, and you just always end up having your own hand to hold. People only ask questions when they’re ready to hear the answers. You must be the person you have never had the courage to be. Gradually, you will discover that you are that person, but until you can see this clearly, you must pretend and invent. I’ve always liked quiet people: You never know if they’re dancing in a daydream or if they’re carrying the weight of the world. Reading isn’t important because it helps to get you a job. It’s important because it gives you room to exist beyond the reality you’re given. It is how humans merge. How minds connect. Dreams. Empathy. Understanding. Escape. Reading is love in action. Really, no matter how frightened and discouraged I may become about the future, I look forward to it. In spite of everything I see all around me every day, I have a shaky assurance that everything will turn out fine. Talking about someone who makes you happy actually makes you happy. It’s not the length of time we knew someone that makes them so special. It’s what they brought into our lives. Pay attention to people’s eyes - they will speak volumes on the person’s behalf even if they say nothing. I wonder how biology can explain the physical pain you feel in your chest when all you want to do is be with someone. You never realize how fucked up someone treated you until you explain it to someone else. Do not settle for less than exactly what you want. Your heart’s desires are there for a reason. Chase them. Pursue them relentlessly. Do not lose sight of your goals. 
people are allowed to leave you.
people are allowed to break up with you.
people are allowed to love you but not want to be with you.
people are allowed to not want to talk to you.
people are allowed to put their happiness before yours and do what makes them happy even if it does not include you.
people are allowed to move on from you.
people are allowed to fall in love with someone else.
people are allowed to not want you in their life.
people are allowed to do whatever they want to better themselves and become the version of themselves they are trying so hard to love.
don’t be bitter towards someone who is only trying to be happy.
If you’re serious about change, you have to go thru uncomfortable situations & stop trying to dodge the process. It’s the only way to grow. Some things don’t need words. Sometimes it’s enough to just feel. You don’t have to label and articulate all that’s around you. I think I’ve always been half out of my shell and half in. Sometimes I can be extremely wild and sometimes I can be extremely shy. It just depends on the day.have you ever been so wildly attracted to someone you can actually feel it driving you insane? I think it’s very healthy to spend time alone. You need to know how to be alone and not be defined by another person. If you loved her and want her so badly, you wouldn’t have put yourself in a position to lose her. There are no excuses, you simply fucked up. Don’t try crawling back to people once you’ve realized you couldn’t find better. Move on. You kept saying “we’re gonna be okay”, and you’re right, we were. Just not together, because it’s come to a point where it’s much easier to put out our fire than to ignite it anymore. Growth is painful. Change is painful. But nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong. Mama didn’t raise a quitter but she did raise a homosexual and and an idiot. I am a different person to different people. Annoying to one. Talented to another. Quiet to a few. Unknown to a lot. But who am I, to me? Solitude, an intoxicating sense of freedom. And there comes a time when that person who planted daisies inside your soul decides to leave. And this will make you want stay in bed for days thinking about the times when you thought you were going to grow grey with them. You’re going to walk back and fourth in your room wondering if someone else is now counting the birthmarks on their body. And you’ll probably try to rip yourself apart because you want to see if they forgot to take the daisies they planted in your soul with them, but then you’ll realize they broke you apart before they left. Don’t mention a person’s past mistakes when they are trying to change. That’s like throwing rocks at them while they are struggling to climb a mountain. 











 
